feat: Adding Super Bridge documentation into Devportal (#457)
rsksmart/devportal: docs/01-concepts/bridge/index.md

---
sidebar_position: 8
title: Bridge tokens with Rootstock
sidebar_label: Super Bridge
tags: [rsk, rootstock, bridge]
description: "How to Bridge Tokens in and out of Rootstock?"
---

> [Super Bridge](https://github.com/rsksmart/bridge) 

Reviewer: Hi @annipi 

This repo has no description of the Bridge in the README

Author: ok, I'll removing link to repository

> [Super Bridge](https://github.com/rsksmart/bridge) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This platform is a cross-chain bridge designed for the Rootstock ecosystem. It provides a seamless way for users to move assets between Rootstock and other blockchain networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Super Bridge](https://github.com/rsksmart/bridge) is a cross-chain bridge designed for the Rootstock ecosystem. It provides a seamless way for users to move assets between Rootstock and other blockchain networks.
```

To ensure a successful transaction, please verify that your amount meets the requirements in the table below:
| Provider | Minimum Peg-In | Minimum Peg-Out |
| :--- | :---: | ---: |
| Flyover - Teks | 0.00500001 BTC | 0.004 rBTC |
| Changelly | Equivalent of 30 USD| Equivalent of 30 USD |
| Boltz | 0.00001 BTC | 0.00001 rBTC |
| Native | 0.005 BTC | 0.004 rBTC |

### [Mainnet](https://bridge.rootstock.io/) available swaps

- rBTC → BTC (L1)
- BTC (L1) → rBTC
- rBTC → BTC (Lighting)
- BTC (Lighting) → rBTC
- ETH → rBTC
- USDT → rBTC
- USDC → rBTC
- WBTC → rBTC
- BNB → rBTC
- rBTC → ETH
- rBTC → USDT
- rBTC → USDC
- rBTC → BNB
- rBTC → WBTC

### [Testnet](https://bridge.testnet.rootstock.io/) available swaps

- trBTC → BTC (L1)
- BTC (L1) → trBTC

<details>
<summary>Configuration for contributors</summary>

## Prerequisites

- Node.js v22.16.0 or higher
- yarn v4.* or higher

## Getting Started

### Installation

Clone the repository and install dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/rsksmart/bridge.git
cd bridge
yarn
```

> ## Development

Reviewer 2: Remove all technical details or move to the README.md file; this documentation is focused on users.
